Are you all there?
Hello, sir. Your order is ready.
Close the door
We don't like to be disturbed when we eat. Okay.
Lei Shao, we just had a meal together today
What are you doing?
I eat
Don't want others to disturb
Can't you? Then I hope Lei Shao keeps his word
Don't make it difficult for others in the future
Of course.
Forestry is Miss Qin's lifesaver
I certainly won't bother
How about today?
I just wanted to treat Miss Lin to dinner
Why should I be entangled with a small character?
He doesn't deserve it either
come
Dry this glass of wine
Lin Ye thing
write off
Women don't let men
Miss Qin, don't blame me
The relationship between you and me?
Is it the concealment of the two families?
You are not allowed to find another man.
What!
Ah!
What have you done to me?
You actually drugged my wine